(Applause)
(Video) Announcer: Threats, in the wake of Bin Laden's death, have spiked.
Announcer Two: Famine in Somalia. Announcer Three: Police pepper spray.
Announcer Four: Vicious cartels. Announcer Five: Caustic cruise lines.
Announcer Six: Societal decay. Announcer Seven: 65 dead.
Announcer Eight: Tsunami warning. Announcer Nine: Cyberattacks.
Multiple Announcers: Drug war. Mass destruction. Tornado.
Recession. Default. Doomsday. Egypt. Syria.
Crisis. Death. Disaster.
Oh, my God.
Peter Diamandis: So those are just a few of the clips
I collected over the last six months --
could have easily been the last six days
or the last six years.